[Music]
according to the 2013 study
published in the journal of craniofacial
surgery
hey i have a subscription don't you well
it says that the tissue that forms the
shape of your nose
can convey a number of things about your
personality
[Music]
the researchers studied almost 1700
pictures of different people's noses
and categorized them all into 14 times
they also found the following
connections between no shape
and personality traits
[Music]
people with long noses are really
ambitious and hard working
they're usually perfectionists and tend
to put their professional life
ahead of their personal life
short-nosed individuals can be very
sensitive and loyal
they value feelings more than anything
and they'd rather be happy with their
family
than climb to the top of the career
ladder
those with pointy noses usually make
great financial advisors
because they tend to handle their money
very wisely
i guess you think gringotts bank and
harry potter here
if you have a perfectly straight greek
nose you're probably intelligent
logical and super reliable
[Music]
as for those adorable button noses they
speak of a caring
loving and optimistic nature but these
people can get
pretty emotional at times
[Music]
big nostrils are a sign that someone
likes to spend money
rather than saving it small nostrils on
the other hand
show a strong commitment to personal
relationships and family
[Music]
a 2014 study carried out by czech
researchers at charles university in
prague
explored what's known as perceived
intelligence
the research involved 160 participants
who were asked to guess the iq
of 80 students both male and female
through their photographs alone
[Music]
with a good degree of accuracy the group
who raided the photos
came to the following conclusions people
with long
faces are highly intelligent individuals
a narrow phase structure is a sign of a
more emotional
rather than an intelligent individual
people with wide faces
are emotionless and highly successful in
life
[Music]
now you might agree or disagree with
shakespeare's famous quote
the eyes are the window to your soul
[Music]
but it looks like the great playwright
has science on his side
in a 2007 study conducted at sweden's
orebro university
scientists analyzed the eyes of 428
individuals
alongside their personality traits in
order to determine
whether a person's eyes reflect their
character
the researchers claim that both
personality and eye structure
are linked to the frontal lobe of the
brain which is responsible for forming
our personality
as for eye color
people with brown eyes are natural born
leaders
and highly intelligent individuals
extreme
dark brown eyes are a sign of an
introverted mysterious
and secretive nature
blue eyes show a lot of inner strength
and a very competitive nature
if the eye color is a darker shade of
blue this person possesses a lot of
physical strength
and is very sensitive
[Music]
gray eyes can be a sign of a
well-balanced person
these individuals also care a lot about
what other people think of them
and they work hard to be liked by
everyone
people with green eyes can be agreeable
and dominant like brown eyed individuals
yet strong and cautious like those with
blue eyes
plus green is considered a super sexy
and alluring eye color by many
sounds like a win-win win to me
as for people with hazel eyes they feel
unique from an early age
on the outside they appear to be
independent confident and spontaneous
but their true inner nature and
intentions are
hard to pin down
[Music]
for thousands of years chinese face
reading experts believe that the shape
of your eyes can accurately show the
hidden qualities of your character
this has to do with the bone structure
of the skull
[Music]
people with wide eyes tend to be more
expressive and emotional in their
personal life
they're very detail-oriented and
generally like to be cautious
individuals with big eyes are
open-minded intelligent and friendly
when someone's eyes are small and wide
it can mean that they're introverted
perfectionists
people with deep set eyes tend to be
mysterious observant and
intense
[Music]
while those with close set eyes are very
persistent individuals
almond shaped eyes convey passion and
romance
aw did you know that your lips have
their own unique print
just like your fingertips they also
reveal quite a lot about your
personality traits
if you know how to read them gene hayner
an expert in face reading and author of
successful psychology books
found that your lips affect your
personality the way you feel about
others
and how you behave basically
your lips show your emotional side and
how you act in personal relationships
people with medium-sized lips that have
no exaggerated features
tend to be independent in their
relationships appreciate affection
but can't stand drama
larger lips can show an individual who's
very nurturing toward others
and puts everyone else's needs first
people who have wide lips tend to be
generous and outgoing
they also like catering to their loved
ones needs
people with thin lips are known to be
more competitive
they sometimes prefer to be alone but
they also like to be recognized by
others for their strong
personality traits
now a sharp or defined jawline is
considered one of the most attractive
features on a person's face
especially for men
so it might come as no surprise that a
sharper jawline is connected with higher
levels of the male
hormone according to a 2013 study
conducted by uk and u.s psychologists
people with a wider face and more
defined jaw
had higher levels of testosterone which
can affect one's personality quite a lot
the researchers found that these
individuals tend to have more aggressive
personalities and are more likely to
become violent
[Music]
a sharper jawline can also be indicative
of a person who's a little more
on the arrogant side the study concluded
that the more defined a person's jawline
is the more intense their personality
can be
due to the high levels of testosterone
a person with low arched eyebrows is
sure to be the kind of person you can
trust in any situation
such people usually possess an engaging
personality
and can build serious long-lasting
relationships
they are usually very reliable and
thoughtful
the sharp angular shape of your eyebrows
implies a dynamic personality
you have a knack for quickly analyzing
situations and making lightning fast
decisions
such spontaneity can sometimes lead to
undesired results
but it sure has its advantages people
never get bored with your company
you are a natural leader you're good at
inspiring others
and you never shy away from taking
responsibility
such eyebrows are an indisputable sign
of kindness
and attentiveness you're never
indifferent to others problems
and you are always ready to help those
in need and people
love you for this eyebrows without
pronounced curves
imply an analytical mindset and an
inclination to rational thinking
measure twice cut once is the saying
that best describes your outlook on life
nevertheless you are not afraid of
calling a spade a spade
and voicing uncomfortable truths that
others prefer to avoid
the steeper the angle of inclination the
stronger the emotion and passions that
seethe inside your soul
you make a lasting impression on
everyone you meet
people like you know exactly what they
want in life and
always find the quickest path towards
success
[Music]
a particularly rare occurrence
light-colored sparse eyebrows
the shape of which can't easily be
defined this
is a sure sign of insecurity you tend to
doubt your own character and abilities
which in turn breeds timidity and
shyness
you don't suffer from excessive
assertiveness and aggressiveness
we advise you to cast off self-doubt and
spread your wings toward new
achievements
you're a calm pragmatic balanced and
independent person
with a broad mindset you're reliable and
have an acute sense of responsibility
for your words and actions
you are born to be a leader
sharp flexible and resourceful people
with quick wits
these people tend to be greedy and
aggressive as well as jealous
you are very explosive though your
outbursts pass
soon
[Music]
egotistic and intelligent people with
opportunistic principles
they love luxury and demand attention to
themselves
they often get offended well
short temperament and impatient what do
you mean by that these people are
nevertheless incredibly quick-witted
the shorter the nails the more demanding
such a person is to themselves than
others
they always strive to have their way and
are encourageable perfectionists
oh you're not doing that right
delicate tender and romantic souls with
idealistic views
they like feeling useful to others and
they're very sentimental
soft and easy to offend what do you mean
by that
artistic with a delicate personality and
constantly changing the mood
always on edge and prone to nervous
breakdowns
they want to be recognized and famous
and they hate losing
don't leave your thumb in the dark
because it can shed light on your
personality and health too
let's tackle its appearance first what
is the shape of your thumb
is it long short shaped like an
hourglass with the waist
or in an obtuse angle a long thumb
indicates that you can be a natural
leader because you love to be in control
short thumbs reveal that you need to
improve your self-esteem
an hourglass thumb signifies that you're
a warm and understanding person
an obtuse angle thumb implies that
you're calm meditative and
creative now try stretching your thumb
does it remain stiff and inflexible or
can you bend the tip with ease
if your thumb is inflexible then you
might be afraid of change
careful with your finances and difficult
to manipulate
on the other hand a flexible thumb means
you're easy going and adaptable to
change
but you're also gullible chinese medical
palmistry also highlights the importance
of this part of the hand
in the book the ideal thumb is full long
and strong which are all signs of good
health
this is also known as your pinky finger
there are three types of pinky
type a the length of this finger is
equal to the uppermost joint of your
ring finger
type b its length is a bit longer than
the uppermost joint of your ring finger
type c your little finger's length is
slightly shorter than the uppermost
joint of your ring finger
now let's discuss the associated traits
of each type
type a if this looks like your pinky
you're a reserved type of person
more open with people you have a
connection with you portray a strong
cool independent image that sometimes
makes you seem a bit arrogant and
eccentric
but you also enjoy having a good laugh
every now and then
type b you don't like to initiate
conversation
you fall deeply in love and give your
full attention but you're scared of
getting hurt
you're a goal-oriented person and you
never crack under pressure
type c you don't hold a grudge you're
uncomfortable with anything new and
unknown
you may respect people's opinions but
you can be bossy and always keep your
problems to yourself
you want others to depend on you and you
want to earn their trust
chinese astrology thinks of a mole on
the forehead as a sign of prosperity
however it also has an additional
meaning depending on the mole's exact
position
a mole on the left side of your forehead
can sometimes denote a lack of luck in
life
it doesn't mean that everything won't go
your way just that you'll have to go the
extra mile to get what you want
if your mole is located in the middle of
your forehead it represents your wisdom
and can be a sign of a successful
marriage
it's also a sign that you'll spend a lot
of your life communicating with
authorities
be it your parents or superiors
a mole on the right side of your
forehead shows that you're big on
partnerships and can be a good companion
for both business
and marriage
moles in the eyebrow can be found very
rarely but if you have one
you can be proud of its meaning it's a
symbol of your intelligence
creativity and artistry it also hints at
possible wealth and fame
if your mole is located under your
eyebrow it represents your good health
a mole above the eyebrow on the other
hand shows that you may
face misfortune because of an unpleasant
situation with family or friends
you may also be unlucky with money
those with moles near the eyebrows are
natural born leaders
they have no problem being in charge and
love it a bit more than others
not a bad quality to have right
a mole on the nose often indicates a
person with major self-respect who's not
afraid of hard work
in some situations and circumstances
these people can have quite a big ego
at the same time they're good friends
and sincere individuals
if you have a mole on the tip of your
nose it means you're short-tempered
you calm down very easily but you can
also regret saying something before
thinking it through
a mole on the right side of your nose
represents your passion and constant
search for a closer connection to other
people
a left side mole is often a sign of a
decent amount of struggles you may face
during your life
but at the end of the day you'll
overcome everything and find your
happiness
if you see a person with a mole on their
cheek or you have one yourself
you can be sure that it represents an
introverted and sincere person
even though these people can be very
sensitive they change
completely and act with exceptional
courage in times of danger
they can also be physically gifted to
the point of choosing a job connected
with sport
becoming an athlete for example a mole
on the right cheek denotes a caring
person who puts family above
all if your mole is on your left cheek
you can sometimes come off as arrogant
because of your introverted nature
try to be more open to new people and
allow yourself to experience life
more boldly this will bring more bright
colors into your everyday life